Updated Documentation for EntraBeta (#837)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-beta/Microsoft.Graph.Entra.Beta/Set-EntraBetaGroup.md

# Set-EntraBetaGroup

## Synopsis

Sets the properties for an existing Microsoft Entra ID group.

## Syntax

```powershell
Set-EntraBetaGroup 
 -Id <String>
 [-GroupTypes <System.Collections.Generic.List`1[System.String]>] 
 [-DisplayName <String>] 
 [-Description <String>] 
 [-IsAssignableToRole <Boolean>] 
 [-SecurityEnabled <Boolean>]
 [-Visibility <String>] 
 [-MailEnabled <Boolean>] 
 [-MailNickname <String>]
 [-MembershipRule <String>] 
 [-MembershipRuleProcessingState <String>] 
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Description

The `Set-EntraBetaGroup` cmdlet sets the properties for an existing Microsoft Entra ID group. Specify the `Id` parameter to set the properties for an existing Microsoft Entra ID group.

## Examples

### Example 1: Update a group display name

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Group.ReadWrite.All'

> Set-EntraBetaGroup -Id 'kkkkkkkk-3333-5555-1111-nnnnnnnnnnnn' -DisplayName 'UPDATE helpdesk'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$params = @{
    Id = 'kkkkkkkk-3333-5555-1111-nnnnnnnnnnnn'
    DisplayName = 'UPDATE helpdesk'
}

Set-EntraBetaGroup @params
```

```

This command updates the display name of a specified group in Microsoft Entra ID.

### Example 2: Update a group description

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Group.ReadWrite.All'

> Set-EntraBetaGroup -Id 'kkkkkkkk-3333-5555-1111-nnnnnnnnnnnn' -Description 'This is my new group'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$params = @{
    Id = 'kkkkkkkk-3333-5555-1111-nnnnnnnnnnnn'
    Description = 'This is my new group'
}

Set-EntraBetaGroup @params
```

```

This example demonstrates how to update a group description.  

### Example 3: Update a group mail nickname

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Group.ReadWrite.All'

> Set-EntraBetaGroup -Id 'kkkkkkkk-3333-5555-1111-nnnnnnnnnnnn' -MailNickName 'newnickname'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$params = @{
    Id = 'kkkkkkkk-3333-5555-1111-nnnnnnnnnnnn'
    MailNickName = 'newnickname'
}

Set-EntraBetaGroup @params
```

```

> This command updates the mail nickname of a specified group in Microsoft Entra ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to update a group's mail nickname in Microsoft Entra ID.
```

### Example 4: Update a group security enabled

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Group.ReadWrite.All'

> Set-EntraBetaGroup -Id 'kkkkkkkk-3333-5555-1111-nnnnnnnnnnnn' -SecurityEnabled $true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$params = @{
    Id = 'kkkkkkkk-3333-5555-1111-nnnnnnnnnnnn'
    SecurityEnabled = $true
}

Set-EntraBetaGroup @params
```

```

> This command updates the security enabled of a specified group in Microsoft Entra ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to update a group's security settings in Microsoft Entra ID.
```

### Example 5: Update a group mail enabled

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Group.ReadWrite.All'
Set-EntraBetaGroup -Id 'kkkkkkkk-3333-5555-1111-nnnnnnnnnnnn' -MailEnabled $false
```

This example demonstrates how to update a group main enabled.  

### Example 6: Update a property for a group

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Group.ReadWrite.All'

> Set-EntraBetaGroup -Id 'kkkkkkkk-3333-5555-1111-nnnnnnnnnnnn' -Visibility 'Private' -GroupTypes 'DynamicMembership' -IsAssignableToRole $true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$params = @{
    Id = 'kkkkkkkk-3333-5555-1111-nnnnnnnnnnnn'
    Visibility = 'Private'
    GroupTypes = 'DynamicMembership'
    IsAssignableToRole = $true
}

Set-EntraBetaGroup @params
```

```

This example demonstrates how to update a property for an existing Microsoft Entra ID group.  

### Example 7: Update a group membership rule

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Group.ReadWrite.All'

> Set-EntraBetaGroup -Id 'kkkkkkkk-3333-5555-1111-nnnnnnnnnnnn' -MembershipRule '(user.UserType -contains "Member")' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$params = @{
    Id = 'kkkkkkkk-3333-5555-1111-nnnnnnnnnnnn'
    MembershipRule = '(user.UserType -contains "Member")'
}

Set-EntraBetaGroup @params
```

```

This example demonstrates how to update the membership rule of a specified group in Microsoft Entra ID.

### Example 8: Update a group membership rule processing state

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Group.ReadWrite.All'

> Set-EntraBetaGroup -Id 'kkkkkkkk-3333-5555-1111-nnnnnnnnnnnn' -MembershipRuleProcessingState 'On'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$params = @{
    Id = 'kkkkkkkk-3333-5555-1111-nnnnnnnnnnnn'
    MembershipRuleProcessingState = 'On'
}

Set-EntraBetaGroup @params
```
